# About Rutgers Cafe
This is an online ordering Android Application for the imaginary Rutgers Cafe. Users can browse through a wide variety of donuts, coffees, and toppings and place orders. This project employs polymorphism, inheritance, encapsulation, and abstraction and includes a user-friendly graphical user interface. Includes front-end and back-end development. To view the source code, follow the path RutgersCafe/app/src/main/java/com/example/project5.
# How To Run Rutgers Cafe
You must have a Java version that can run Java version 11.0.8. There are 2 ways to run Rutgers Cafe: via an Android emulator or via an Android phone. Both methods require having the Android Studio integrated development environment (IDE) downloaded. The IDE can be downloaded on the Android Studio official website https://developer.android.com/studio. The first step is to download the Rutgers Cafe project folder and open it in Android Studio. If you are having trouble following the directions below, please refer to Android Studio's instructions on how to run a project https://developer.android.com/studio/run.
## Android Emulator (Recommended)
In the top toolbar, select "app" in the Run Configurations menu. Afterwards, open the Tools dropdown, select "Device Manager", and create a device. The device and API used for this project are the Pixel 2 phone and API 28 (Pie) respectively. Run the project, and it should appear on the emulator.
## Android Phone
Connect your Android device to your computer using a USB cable and run the project. Note that this project was built and debugged with respect to a Pixel 2 phone with API 28 (Pie), so it may appear differently on other Android devices.
